{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 This code is inteded for a linux/MacOS environment and some issues may be encountered in Windows. \
\
I do not often use IDEs and this code is inteded to be run from your terminal. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 Once you have downloaded the folder:\
\
1. Go to the config_1.ini file and change /Users/charlherbst with your own local directory. Do not add any string elements. \
\
2. You need to populate the audio folder inside the Testing_script folder with the test audio .WAV files. The specific audio files that you need to use can be found in the annotations folder and the TestingFiles.txt. In total there are 10 audio files. \
\
4. The number of randomly selected spectrograms that will be used for training needs to be set in the config_1.ini file. Change the parameter1 value accordingly. If you use 10 then set parameter1 value to 10. If you use 100 then set parameter1 to 100. \
\
5. You need to populate the data folder with the training spectrograms pkl file (I will need to send this).  \
\
5. After this open your terminal in linux or Command prompt in Windows. \
\
6. Navigate to inside the folder directory. Once you have done so run the command below\
\
6. python main.py config_1.ini \
\
Additional:\
\
The code takes long because it is repeated two times. This is the minimum to avoid crashing because of standard deviation calculations. \
The training spectrograms are in the data folder training_spectrograms_df_final.pkl\
}